hi everyone this is James from fun foods
and today I have a special treat I'm
going to make shark infested jello
because Shark Week starts tonight so I'm
going to show you how to make the shark
infested jello and somewhere in the
video I'm going to put a reference to a
movie a classic movie and let's see who
gets this right comment in the comment
below tell me what movie and what was my
comment that referenced that movie so
keep watching and I'll show you how to
do this here's all you need to make this
you're going to need these little gummy
sharks you're going to need some jello
I'm using a toll of 12 ounces of jell-o
and you're going to need some water
that's it you want to start by boiling
your water now I'm just going to take my
jello packets and empty em into a bowl
now you want to take your boiling water
and add it to your jello mix and be
careful take a spoon and stir until all
the jello mixture has dissolved
completely now it's time to add your
cold water to the mixture
okay now what I've done is I've taken
the container that I'm gonna put my
jello into and let it form up that I've
lifted it because I want it to be at an
angle because what I'm going to do is
something a little different I'm gonna
have this end as if it's the ocean and I
want it to the jello to level out where
it's a little thinner at that end and I
have some ice underneath just to help it
set up a little quicker you can take
your sharks
and drop a few in there right now just
spread them out so when it forms up they
will be in the jello so now what I'm
going to do is just take this and put it
in my refrigerator for a little bit and
I'm going to make the sand out of graham
crackers now what you can do if you
don't have a blender or food processor
you can just simply take some graham
crackers stick it in a ziplock baggie
and take something heavy like a rolling
pin and just mash them up you do that
until they're really fine and that will
duplicate replicate your sand here's
another option if you don't want to make
a big jello bowl you can make individual
servings and what I did I just put one
of these little sharks inside a little
cup I use the quick set method for this
jello and you just want to cover the end
of the shark so he's totally encased and
that's it put it in refrigerator for a
couple hours let it set up so I've had
my jello in refrigerator I've had it in
there for about an hour it's firmed up a
little bit so I'm just going to push
them in just a little just so they're
kind of like on the top but not all the
way down and that's it I'll put it back
in her foot Roger to let it set up for
the remainder of its time for another
two to three hours it says I'm going to
make it look like a beach so I have my
graham crackers that I have already
ground up nice and fine and I'm just
going to take my hand and
scoop out some kind of spread it around
and now I'm gonna decorate my beach to
make I have right here these are just
little cocktail umbrellas that I've
opened up because when you're at the
beach you can't have enough lifesavers
just in case this is our finished shark
infested jello Beach just scoop and dish
out and put it into a small bowl to
serve I think we're going to need a
bigger bowl I want to thank everyone for
watching to see how to make this shark
infested jello and if you enjoyed this
video be sure to give it a like also
make sure to subscribe to my channel
I'll put a link below and I'll put a
last week's video off to the side and
another video that I think you may enjoy
also make sure you comment below tell me
what movie reference I did in this video
and we'll see who gets it it's a classic
everyone should get this it's pretty
easy so let's see how you do I'll see
you next week bye